OK.
We have the image that is in our local project so far so good.
And what about if we're just gonna go on top of the image again let's use and three and let's say image.
Oh you did me.
You know I mean logo.
Something like this again.
We can write whatever we would like to.
Now we have the ring three we have the image.
What about the images.
And we can directly access from the Web Okay let's think about it.
So we have the image image has the attribute of the source and source points somewhere meaning in our
case that would be to the same directory where we are working Can we maybe use the source and pointed
to the image that is actually somewhere on the Web.
Well it's just out first all have the having three.
That would say image of youtube logo.
Again we can name this.
However we would like and now I can see with that I'm having three and having three and between them
I have here this image.
OK.
Let's start out.
So first of all again I'm going to open up the new browser window.
Again I'm going to maximize this on what's right.
YouTube not dot com logo.
Then let's specifically say that we're looking for image and in this case would you like to do instead
of using save us that we did before.
Remember we used save images.
Now we can have an option of copy image address so let's click on this.
Now the address is gonna be copied to our clipboard and we can head over vectoring the amount we can
again create a new image element.
And in this case within the source let's copy and paste whatever we're getting back from our clipboard.
Now the annoying thing is gonna be this that obviously this path is so long.
So again I'll tell you right away this is gonna be very annoying whenever you're gonna be getting something
like this from the web.
So unfortunately this is how it is.
But we can write over here it may be for alternative you to a logo or something like this.
Again we just want to quickly see it and that's it.
And sure enough everything works fine.
We have our image but annoying part would be the fact that source would be displayed like this.
So far as you can see it pretty much we would need to spend like three minutes just scroll up and see
all the source that is starting here at the very top.